♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Chase] "Pups On Ice."
[Marshall] ♪ F! I am a fire pup
I come from Finland ♪
♪ Where I sell-- ♪
Snow!
Snow? "Snow" doesn't start with an F.
No, I mean real snow.
Snow, cool.
Whoa! [grunts]
[all laugh]
Hey, PAW Patrol.
Who feels like taking a snow day?
-Oh, me, me!
-[all barking]
Me too! Me too! [grunts]
Uh, can someone untangle me? Please?
Alex, dude, primo day
for your first lesson.
I'm going to board this powder like a pro.
[chuckles]
First, we'll learn the basics.
Carry your board--
I already know what to do.
Stand on the board and go.
Wait!
Whoa!
Wrong way!
No, dude! I said carry your board!
That slope's too steep!
Don't go past the snow fence!
Whoa!
Look out for the rescue sled!
Oh! Sit down, little dude!
[grunts]
Okay, I'm sitting!
I'm sitting!
Whoa!
Now I'm sledding.
Awesome!
Stay cool, Alex! I'll get you!
[laughing]
Ah, man…
Hang on, Alex!
[laughs]
Whoa!
Almost got you!
[grunts]
Nice grab!
[grunting]
Whoo!
Hold on.
[grunts]
Whoa!
[wind howling]
Phew! That was close!
Jake, that was awesome!
No, dude, I--
-Uh-oh!
-[gasp]
Whoa!
That was so cool, Jake!
Uh, sorry, little dude,
but that was so not cool.
Oh…
We can't climb back up safely
and there's no way you can board
the rest of the way down.
We're stuck.
Sorry, Jake.
I didn't mean to get us stuck.
What can we do?
Let's see if Ryder and the PAW Patrol
-are up for a mountain visit.
-[beeps]
-Ah…
-[phone ringing]
[Jake] Ryder, dude!
Hey, Jake. The pups and I
were just going to come up and see you.
Cool, 'cause I was calling to invite
you up for a little mountain rescue.
[Ryder] Rescue? What happened?
Alex and I got kind of stuck.
Whoa!
We could use a visit… [chuckles]
…and some help from the PAW Patrol.
We're on it, Jake.
[chuckles]
-No job is too big. No pup is too small.
-[beeps]
-Hurray! Whoo-hoo!
[Ryder] PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
I'm coming. [grunts]
If I could just make this snowboard go.
[grunting]
I'm stuck.
Come on, Marshall!
[grunting]
[barking]
Here I come!
Look out! [grunts]
Uh, thanks for getting me unstuck.
[chuckles]
[elevator dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
Okay, PAW Patrol,
there's a problem up on Jake's mountain.
[beeps]
Jake and Alex are stuck
at the bottom of a steep, icy slope.
Whoa! Jake usually rescues snowboarders.
That's right, but now it's up
to the PAW Patrol to do the rescuing.
Chase, I need
you and your winch motor to help
in case we need to pull them up the slope.
Chase is on the case!
Skye, I'll need you and your helicopter
to fly close enough to try to rescue them.
[barks]
Let's take to the sky!
Everybody else, grab your snow gear.
Once this rescue's over,
we'll have our snow day.
PAW Patrol is on a roll!
[all barking]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-[howls]
[barks] Yeah!
[giggling]
-[barks]
-♪ Chase ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-[siren blaring]
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks] Yeah!
-♪ Skye! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
[siren blaring]
Sorry, Jake. I really messed up.
-Yeah, you kind of did, but we'll be fine.
-[helicopter whirring]
[chuckles]
I hear the PAW Patrol now!
Ryder, I can see Jake.
I'm gonna see
if I can get close enough to help.
Totally getting rescued!
[rumbling]
Oh!
Man, that was close!
It's no good, Ryder.
I can't get close to them!
The wind from the 'copter
could cause an avalanche.
All right, Skye.
Come in and we'll figure out a way
to get Alex and Jake off that ledge.
Over and out, Ryder.
[barks]
I have an idea.
[beeps]
Jake, Skye can't get
the 'copter close to you.
If we can get Alex up, can you board out?
Sure, Ryder. Get Alex up safe
and I can make it down easy.
All right, here I come.
Watch out for falling rocks…
-or Ryders!
-[chuckles]
Chase, I'll hook Skye's rope
and harness to your winch
to give some extra length.
Lower me down,
then pull Alex and me back up.
Chase is on the case!
Skye, you can help me find
the best way down.
Let's take to the sky!
[barks]
Should be long enough now, Ryder.
Okay, Chase! Lower me down!
You bet!
Looking good!
-Yay!
-[chuckles]
[Skye] No, more to the right.
You're too close to that icy patch.
Whoa!
[cracking]
-Heads up!
-Whoa!
Look!
Nice of you to drop in, dude.
Hey, Jake. All right, Alex,
ready to get off this ledge?
I'm ready.
Okay, I'll hook you in
and then you and I will go back up.
You ready to board down, Jake?
Been looking for an excuse
to board this slope all year.
Remember, do exactly what I tell you
so we can get up safely.
I will, I promise.
Okay, Chase, nice and slow!
Roger that, Ryder, sir!
Wow! This is cool!
-Oops!
-I got you!
Huh?
[whirring loudly]
Are you okay?
Yeah. But why did we stop?
[beeps]
Chase, why did you stop the winch motor?
I didn't! Something's stuck!
[grunting]
I see it! The hook got
caught in those rocks.
Uh-oh.
Looks like we're going to have
to climb out on our own, Alex.
Whoa!
The slope's too slippery!
If only we had something to climb on.
One ladder coming up! [barks]
Great idea, Chase!
Chase is on the case!
Now, make it fast. My paws are freezing!
Okay, Alex, up you go.
[barks]
Made it!
Thanks, Chase.
You're welcome. Coming, Ryder?
All right, Chase. You saved the day.
[phone rings]
Hey, Ryder, all cool up there?
We made it.
Awesome! See you soon.
[chuckles]
Yee-haw!
[laughs]
Yo, dudes!
Tasty hot refreshment coming through.
Thanks for helping me out of there, Ryder,
and you too, Chase.
You're welcome, Alex.
Whenever you're in trouble,
just yelp for help.
[Alex] Excuse me, Jake.
If I promise to listen
to everything you say this time,
can I try boarding again?
Sure, little dude. Second chance.
As soon as the rest of the pups get here,
we'll hit the slope.
-Whoa!
-They're all good pups.
[cheering]
-♪ You're all good pups ♪
-Yay! [barks]
-♪ And we saved the day ♪
-[laughs]
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
[Alex] Hurray! Hurray!
[laughs]
[cheering]
[theme music playing]